thank you for joining us on what is the
second and final day of QA at Donald
Trump's first in a series of impeachment
trials captain a captain coverup Mitch
McConnell is hoping to have it all
wrapped up by tomorrow Mitch McConnell
has done everything he can to kill us
too despite the fact that new polling
shows that a majority of the country
fifty-three percent of Americans say
they are increasingly convinced that
Donald Trump did something wrong the
poll was conducted by researchers at
Noda University and but the president's
lawyers have argued that not only didn't
he do anything wrong he literally cannot
do anything wrong
hojae's guy Alan Dershowitz said if the
president does something that he thinks
will help him get elected in the public
interest that cannot be the kind of quid
pro quo that results in impeachment he's
basically saying Trump could just do
whatever he wants by saying that his
reelection is in our best interest if by
that logic he could start eating bald
eagles for breakfast and he'd say I have
to I need my strength for the campaign
trail tomorrow the Senate will vote on
whether or not to allow witnesses at the
trial Trump's lawyers keep threatening
that if Democrats call their witnesses
trumple at the right to call his
witnesses to which right yeah that's
that's how trials work that's a that's
like if the 49ers threatened send out
their special teams you kick off I swear
to god we will try to run it back and
the other big argument is that if they
open it up to witnesses the trial could
go on for months and prevent the Senate
from getting business done as if they've
done any business enough Blockbuster
Video has done more business than the
Senate in the last four years but
the Democrats neutralized that argument
today by asking for one week of limited
witness testimony of course all this
fuss is over one witness in particular
and that is trumps now former national
security adviser John Bolton who says
he's willing to testify that the
president specifically told him he was
holding back hundreds of millions of
dollars in aid to Ukraine in exchange
for dirt on hunter Biden and that is
especially problematic for Republicans
because their big argument the house was
all this that we're hearing is a bunch
of hearsay the Democrats case is based
on secondhand opinions in hearsay
it was hearsay upon hear safe
impeachment based on hearsay it's all
based on hearsay it's all hearsay
hearsay hearsay hearsay hearsay hearsay
hearsay hearsay you're saying you're
saying you're saying hearsay hearsay
hears that you're saying hearsay hearsay
hearsay hearsay quadruple hearsay let's
hear what he has to say
[Applause]
Democrats need for Republicans to join
them on the witness vote they may be
able to get three maybe four that's
where it's gonna get interesting if they
get three in the event of a tie if the
votes 5250 John Roberts the Chief
Justice is Supreme Court could cast the
tiebreaker but he doesn't have to he can
also do nothing he could elect to not
vote in which case the tie would go to
DAR you're following this guillermo
donald trump thank you all right anyway
we've been doing our part to kind of
shore up support for one republican in
particular senator Mitt Romney of Utah
who has indicated that he will likely
vote for witness testimony and it helped
push him over the top I've been bribing
the bejesus out of him this week I've
been promising two of his favorites
Twinkies and milk I offered him a whole
dairy cow to MIT or get off the pot
which is what we're asking to do and
tonight we're gonna sweeten that that
pot senator Romney if come tomorrow you
vote in favor of witnesses you will
receive not just the milk not just
Twinkies a Valentine's VIP package at
the lebarge Casino Resort in beautiful
Lake Charles Louisiana spend the night
dancing awkwardly in place to the Mormon
Madonna herself Marie Osmond then retire
to your deluxe suite with two twin beds
decaf coffee maker and portrait of
Jeopardy champion Ken Jenny's
right there on the ceiling party two
lights out at 9 p.m. only at the
L'Auberge casino resort retail value one
eighty nine ninety nine so that's it's
time to dock her up doctor up doc
eventually we are going to hear from
John Bolton when his book comes out in
March and he goes on TV to promote it
the books called the room where it
happened it's a Hamilton reference and
not only is he released in that book
he's also written a book for kids yes
that's right would you like to see it
alright well we spent all day making
this so we might as well here it is it's
called
a buh buh she Bolton's bombshell by John
Bolton and I'll read it to you if you
like
butchy Bolton wrote a book proving
Donald Trump's a crook the Pres tall
bushy that he made a quid pro quo for
foreign aid
now bushy wants to take the stand
exposing President tiny hands no
testimony that is that as Mitch
McConnell stroked his cat Rudy G was so
upset he strangled Mitch's little pet DJ
TJ was so scared he shot a baby polar
bear Melania got on a horse and rode to
get a quick divorce if bushi Bolton
testifies about the Donald's many lies
say goodbye to the defense and welcome
president Mike Pence that's what will
happen you know
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season by my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do